**Commit Message Guidelines**

Short (72 chars or less) summary
More detailed explanatory text. Wrap it to 72 characters. The blank line separating the summary from the body is critical (unless you omit the body entirely). Write your commit message in the imperative: &quot;Fix bug&quot; and not &quot;Fixed  bug&quot; or &quot;Fixes bug.&quot; 
This convention matches up with commit messages generated by commands like git merge and git revert. 
Further paragraphs come after blank lines.
Bullet points are okay, too.
Typically a hyphen or asterisk is used for the bullet, followed by a single space. Use a hanging indent.



Rules for a great git commit message style:

- Separate subject from body with a blank line
- Capitalize the subject line and each paragraph
- Use the imperative mood in the subject line
- Wrap lines at 72 characters
- Use the body to explain what and why you have done something
- Describe why changes were made



Example of bad practice:

 commit 468e64d019f51d364afb30b0eed2ad09483e0b98

    Author: [removed]

    Date:   Mon Jun 18 16:07:37 2012 -0400

      Fix missing import in compute/utils.py

      Fixes bug 1014829



Some things to note about commit message example:

- It describes what the original problem is
- It describes the functional change being made
- It describes what the result of the change is
- It describes scope for future improvement
- It uses the Closes-Bug notation
- It notes the limitations of the fix
- It describes the intent of the fix
